Last time on Sonic X,
while locked up in jail,
Dr. Eggman worked overtime
to set a treacherous trap
for Sonic and friends.
Hordes of household appliances soon
developed menacing malfunctions,
turning Chris' kitchen
into a combat zone.
As a vaccuum robot threatened
to clean Sonic's clock,
Emerl spun to the rescue,
and a whole gang of
gadgets were washed out.
Sonic raced to rock
the remaining robots,
but he and Knuckles were ambushed
by mobs of mechanical marauders.
Our heroes seemed headed
for a crushing defeat
until Chris' family
helped turn the tide.
Taking advantage of the confusion,
Eggman escaped from jail
and went into hiding to plot
his next monstrous move.
Can the devious doctor be stopped
before he strikes again?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
"Eggman Escapes"
The press'll have a field
day, and I don't blame them.
We nab the world's greatest menace
and let him slip right
through our fingers.
How could this have happened?
We just have to do whatever
it takes to find him.
He's out there somewhere,
dreaming up another scheme
to take over the world.
We have to capture him
before he strikes again.
I think it's got to be your
number one priority, sir.
Topaz!
He's probably hiding under a
rock with the rest of the worms.
Hello, Rouge.
TOPAZ: Do you have any idea
where Eggman might be, sir?
No, but we have agents everywhere
looking high and low for him.
This won't be easy.
Eggman could be anywhere.
If you two can track down Eggman
and put him out of business,
you can name your own reward.
Really?
Gold, diamonds, rubies...
whatever you like.
I love them all.
They're bright and
beautiful... like me.
[Chuckling]
Oh, brother.
Just find Eggman.
All right! School's out!
[Laughing]
Let's go play!
Hey, you guys seen Timmy anywhere?
I wonder what adventures
Sonic's having today.
He sure is lucky.
Sonic gets to travel all around
having fun and helping people.
Chris, did Sonic tell you where
he was runnin' off to today?
I asked him.
You did?
Yeah, he said he'd know where
he was going when he got there.
I'll see ya later!
[Grunt]
That's kind of funny.
That's Sonic.
Hm.
[Laughing]
Hi, Chris!
Chao chao chao!
Hey, you guys!
I didn't expect to
see you down here.
Cheese and I wanted to give Emerl
a tour of the neighborhood.
Next we're planning
to show him the park.
Cream and Cheese found
this robot in my yard,
and now he's staying
at my house, too.
That's cool.
There's Mr. Stewart.
Hmm. I wonder.
This tree is huge.
If the trunk is hollow, Eggman
could be hiding inside.
Hmm.
DECOE AND BOCOE: Oh! oh! oh!
Huh?
Oh! oh!
They're on our trail!
We must warn Dr. Eggman!
Hey!
CHRIS: Mr. Stewart?
STEWART: Huh?
Huh? Oh!
What's wrong, Mr. Stewart?
Are you playing hide-and-seek
with somebody?
No, I'm bird-watching.
Hey, let me see.
Uh...
Whoa!
You can see everything with these!
Danny, let me try!
Huh?
Hey, there's Dr. Eggman!
Looks like he's buying a book.
Really?
My turn!
It is him!
Awesome!
If we hurry, we can catch him!
ALL: Yeah!
No! You can't!
Capturing Dr. Eggman
is too dangerous!
That's a job for the police.
I'll phone the authorities
and let them know.
You kids should go
home immediately!
Do not go after Dr.
Eggman, understand?
Don't even think about
trying it, okay?
I think Mr. Stewart is right
that we should all head home.
Then let's go. [sigh]
KID 1: Later.
KID 2: Bye-bye.
See ya.
KID 1: Later.
KID 2: Bye-bye.
See ya.
Bye, Mr. Stewart!
Wait up, Chris!
I'll tail Dr. Eggman and try to
figure out what his next move is.
Yo, taxi!
Uh! Huh!
[grunting]
[Laughter]
Woah! Hey! What do you
kids think you're doing?
I thought you were all going home!
You can drive us all home
after we catch Dr.
Eggman, of course.
[Sigh]
Great.
[Content sigh]
Sonic!
Huh?
Hm?
Do you know if Chris had anything
special to do after school today?
He hasn't arrived back home yet,
and Cream and Cheese
are also missing.
I hope they're okay.
The taxi's pulling over!
Where's he going?
[All gasp]
He got out,
but he disappeared!
There are no fire escapes in this
alley, and I don't see any doors.
Hmm.
What are you doing, Mr. Stewart?
[Sound of footsteps]
Eggman's underground.
What?
Underground?
How'd he get there?
Down there!
[All screaming]
All right!
[Screaming]
What's the matter, Danny?
There's a lizard in the car!
Where?
Right there!
Aww...!
[Groan]
Danny, you don't really believe
that harmless, little lizard
was going to hurt you!
You're not scared of lizards?
Of course not!
I catch them all the time!
Oh, really?
She catches snakes and bugs, too.
[Shudder]
[Giggling]
You must be crazy.
You're a baby!
That's enough.
This is no time to
start an argument.
Remember, we came to stop Eggman.
Uhh!
Huh!
[Evil chuckling]
Faster, Mr. Stewart!
Don't let him get away!
I'll stop them with my net work!
[All screaming]
How's your dessert?
Dreamy.
Instead of eating, we should
be looking for Eggman.
I'm sure he'll turn up soon.
Eggman's too full of himself to
stay out of the spotlight long.
That's true.
It certainly has gotten breezy.
You don't suppose
it's Sonic, do you?
I'm sure it's him.
I wonder what he's up to?
Sonic!
Why are you whippin'
around like a tornado?
SONIC: I'm looking for Chris.
ROUGE: How come?
He never came home from school.
Cream and Cheese are missing, too.
If you happen to run into
Eggman, let us know.
[Chuckling]
I think I'll have some coffee.
Me too.
[Evil laughter]
GIRL: Excuse me.
EGGMAN: Huh?
How come you're carrying
around all those books?
I'm doing some research
for my new attack plan.
What are you planning on doing?
It's going to be big.
Oh! You shouldn't be so nosy, kid.
Especially when you're
trapped in a sewer!
Dr. Eggman!
What do you two bolt heads want?
Look! We found this inside the car.
Uhh!
It must belong to him.
Oh! Uhh...
Why do you have this equipment?
Are you a spy?
Of course not!
Then what are you so nervous about?
I thought spies were
supposed to be cool...
not wimpy.
I know.
Try to imagine Mr.
Stewart as a spy.
[Cowering]
Professional spies stay
cool under pressure.
He's shaking like a
goldfish in a shark tank.
Sorry to leave you, but I have to go
prepare my next mind-blowing attack.
Toodle-oo!
[Sigh]
BOCOE: Why are you
acting so relieved?
[Panic]
Maybe he is a spy after all.
I'm a schoolteacher.
It's true. He used
to be our teacher
'til he got transferred.
There. You see?
Oh!
Hey, can you guys tell us about
this new attack Dr.
Eggman's planning?
You will not get any
information out of us!
We will never talk,
because Dr. Eggman never
tells us anything.
[Cry] We get no respect.
And no time off, either.
We'd better go dry our
tears before we rust.
[Crying]
Those two should get
their bolts tightened.
We should try to get out
while nobody's guarding us.
Helen, may I borrow this?
Huh?
ALL: Oh!
Shh!
Come on. we have to move fast.
Wouldn't it be cool if it turns
out Mr. Stewart is really a spy?
In your dreams!
I guess we're trapped...
Not yet!
Huh?
Let me show you a little
chemistry experiment.
When I mix the acid
in the blue bottle
with the chemical solution
in the brown bottle,
the reaction is
very interesting.
Now stay back!
Huh?
[Explosion] Aah!
Ah!
It did it!
[Panting]
[Grunt] Ah!
The only way to open this electronic
lock is to find the password.
Got it!
Eggman?
So all you have to do is type
in "Eggman" to open the door?
No, Chris. That would be too easy.
Something's not right.
Why not?
It's a trap!
I can't take the chance and
put the kids in danger.
We'll have to get this
door open another way.
But how?
Huh...
Maybe we should try knocking!
It would be easy to get out
if only we could reach Sonic.
Hm...
Huh.
Hey, look! Bokkun!
Oh.
[Sigh]
He must know how to
get us out of here!
Helen! What if we- [whispering]
Okay!
I don't know how she does it,
but Ella bakes the most delicious
apple pies in the world!
Oh?
You haven't had apple pie 'til
you've tasted Ella's apple pie!
Apple pie?!
Can I have some?
You can only taste Ella's apple
pie if you go to Chris' house!
Go tell Ella you saw me here,
and I said she should
give you some pie!
You bet I will!
Yay! Apple pie, here I come!
Huh.
If he tells Ella we're here,
she'll let Sonic know, too!
And he'll come save us!
That's right!
[Straining]
Apple pie...
Apple pie...!
Which way now?
Hm...
Aah!
Hiya, Bokkun!
Where're ya goin'?
I saw Chris in the sewer, and he
sent me to his house for some pie!
The sewer?
I didn't think of
looking underground!
Huh?
Eggman's probably there!
Will you get a message to
Rouge and Topaz for me, pal?
No!
If you love Ella's pie, you'll
love her strawberry shortcake.
Strawberry shortcake?
[Drooling]
Will she make me one?
If you deliver my message.
Mm.
The chocolate's even
tastier than the vanilla.
De-licious.
I have a message for
you two from Sonic!
Huh?
He's in the sewer.
He's in the sewer?
[All grunting with effort]
It's no use. You're just
wasting your energy.
We have to think of something else.
There's no escape!
Huh?
Woah!
Eggman!
[Chuckling]
My Egg Spider will
soon have you insects
wrapped up in a web of misery!
Back off!
Let's nix this nerd!
Woah!
Aah!
[Grunt]
Sonic!
[Groan] Blast you!
[Grunt]
Woah!
Oof!
Ugh...
Sonic!
[Straining]
[Evil laughter]
Hang on, Sonic!
Screw kick! Huh!
Oof! Thanks!
I've had it with that hog!
Fire!
Copy Rouge, Emerl!
[Gasp]
Emerl broke down the door!
Oh!
Woah!
Let's go!
This way, everybody!
We have to hurry!
Chao!
[Panting]
Sonic! I always knew
you were a sewer rat!
[Teeth gritting]
'Til next time!
[Chuckling]
Woah, woah, woah!
Woah! Doctor, look out!
Aah! Oof!
[All coughing]
Everybody okay?
I think so.
Everyone's accounted for.
[Still coughing]
Thanks, Sonic.
Ella, we're home!
Chao!
Thank goodness you're
back. I was so worried.
Your poor friend has been waiting
hours for you to come home.
Huh?
[Chomping] [Eating]
[Sighing]
[Laughter]